# Learning Goals and Work Focus
As part of the planning of this project, we decided that we wanted to focus on a few aspects as our main learning goals. Firstly, we wanted to be able to create a backend system that followed the Bezos dictum introduced in class. That is, we wanted to create a system that was very externalizable and could easily integrate with any web app that required it's functionality. To that end, we would also like to create a backend system that handles the parsing and reforming of SDC form, (in XML format), in an optimal manner. This means we would be designing our algorithms in such a way that the minimization of space and time complexity are at the forefront. To accomplish this, we will focus on the use cases involving the uploading and retrieval of SDCForms. 

Since we have dedicated backend and frontend teams, we also would have the capabilities to focus on a specific part of the frontend as well. As such, we would also like to focus on providing a clean and minimal UI for the form entry page. This would mean designing our UI in accordance with material design principles; providing a sleek yet simplistic presentation with minimal colour coding to make it easier for the user to understand how to interact with the form.

Finally, since most of our team only has experience with small-to-mid level software design, we wanted to be able to use a tech stack that we were all familiar with, and apply it in a way that facilitated large-scale design. Upon team formation we quickly deduced that the tech stack of MongoDB, Express, React, and Nodejs was the most well-known among our group. We also decided that the main way we would facilitate large-scale design was through the modelling of interconnected data objects. This was further eloborated on while creating our mock UML diagrams. We needed to make sure that we designed the objects in such a way that they both accurately reflected their real-world counterparts, as well as worked well together as part of an interconnected system.

<br>

# Omitted Work
Focusing on providing an optimal solution for parsing and retrival of SDCForms, would mean that the more basic CRUD operations may get less attention. We feel that the inherent simplicity of these operations justifies our choice, however. Their implementation would most likely only take a few hours anyways, so we agreed that this choice made the most sense.

Creating a UI that corresponded with material design principles would mean that we wouldnt be able to focus on adding flourishes such as unique animations or unique themeing. When we got together to discuss how the visual design process would go, we all agreed that a solid foundation design with clean components would be preferable to a more stylized approach. This would allow the user to focus on the contents of the form rather be distracted by superfluous styling choices that would serve no actual functional purpose.

Since we decided to go with a familiar tech stack, we miss out on an opportunity to expand and refine our developer repertoire. That being said, we decided that our priority would be to deliver a quality product rather than learn new skills. We also recognized that we all had external responsibilities, whether they be personal or belonging to other classes we were taking, and having to go through the learning curve that came with using a new tech stack seemed unreasonable. At the end of the day, we would be creating the same product no matter what technology we used, and therefore we prioritzed efficiency.